[WHISTLING TUNE]
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
DISNEY-ABC DOMESTIC TELEVISION
[THUNDER]
[BABY CRYING]
[SCRAPES]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
[CRYING]
[COOING]
THEN, UM--I DIDN'T
CHOOSE THAT ONE
BECAUSE IT WAS GONNA
GIVE ME PIMPLES
SO I CHOOSE, UM...
ANOTHER SCARY ONE
BECAUSE...FOR, UM--
ALL THOSE YEARS THAT I
WENT FOR HALLOWEEN
I WASN'T SCARY AT ALL.
I LOVE BASEBALL.
IT'S MY DESTINY TO
PLAY THAT GAME.
I DON'T REALLY CARE
ABOUT WINNING.
WELL, LIKE, NOW
I DO.
BECAUSE, LIKE, WE'VE
LOST EVERY GAME.
I'VE GOTTEN TIRED
OF IT.
I'M WORKING LIKE
SO HARD.
ALL THE BALLS ARE
GETTING THROWN TO ME.
I'M TRYING TO CATCH
LIKE, EVERY, ONE.
ALL OF THE PEOPLE
IN THE OUTFIELD
ARE ALL LOOKING
AROUND AND...
COME ON. LET'S PLAY
SOME BASEBALL, OK?
NOT THE LAZY GAME.
[CAR DOOR SHUTS]
THEY'RE HERE.
UH...
PBBFT.
LEWIS?
LEWIS.
[SIGHS]
[CLICK]
[RATTLING]
[AIR HORN BLASTS]
HUH?
[THUD]
GOOB! HEY, I DID IT, GOOB.
I FINISHED IT.
THEY'RE GONNA LOVE THIS.
NOTHING SAYS "ADOPT ME"
LIKE A WEIRD INVENTION.
LEWIS!
LEWIS! THE HARRINGTONS
ARE HERE.
WAY AHEAD OF YOU, MILDRED.
WAIT, WAIT!
REMEMBER,
SIT UP STRAIGHT.
LOOK THEM IN THE EYE,
SMILE.
LET'S FIX YOUR--HUH.
MILDRED...
OHH--UM--ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
GO SHOW THEM
HOW SPECIAL YOU ARE.
OH, I HOPE THIS IS IT.
I HOPE HE GETS ADOPTED.
YOU AND ME BOTH, CHIEF.
I MEAN, THERE'S SO MANY THINGS
IN THE WORLD
THAT CAN BE IMPROVED.
JUST THINK OF IT.
MOVING SIDEWALKS,
FLYING CARS.
THE POSSIBILLITIES
ARE ENDLESS.
FLYING CARS--HUH--
YEAH, THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
ALL IT TAKES
IS SOME IMAGINATION
AND A LITTLE SCIENCE,
AND WE CAN MAKE THE WORLD
A BETTER PLACE.
WELL, THESE ARE ALL...
INTERESTING IDEAS.
SO, WHAT'S
YOUR FAVORITE SPORT?
WELL, DOES INVENTING
COUNT AS A SPORT?
ACTUALLY--
'CAUSE I THINK I HIT
A HOME RUN WITH THIS ONE.
WHAT IS THAT?
FIRST, A QUESTION.
WHAT'S THE NUMBER ONE
PROBLEM THAT YOU FACE
WHEN YOU MAKE
A PEANUT BUTTER
AND JELLY SANDWICH?
UH, LEWIS,
I--I DON'T THINK WE--
PORTION CONTROL.
TOO MUCH PEANUT BUTTER
STICKS TO THE ROOF
OF YOUR MOUTH,
TAKES FOREVER TO CHEW.
TOO MUCH JELLY
SQUISHES OUT THE SIDES
AND MAKES YOUR HANDS
ALL STICKY. ECCHH!
WELL, I PROPOSE
THAT THE PERFECT P.B. & J,
IS WITHIN MANKIND'S GRASP,
AND I'VE BUILT THIS MACHINE
TO ACHIEVE IT.
FOR THIS DEMONSTRATION,
I'LL USE REGULAR BREAD.
HONEY, IT'S OK.
AS YOU CAN SEE,
TOASTING IS AN OPTION.
WE DON'T USUALLY
EAT PEANUT BUTTER.
LEWIS, THIS IS REALLY
NOT NECESSARY.
[BUZZING]
IT'S JAMMED!
[RATTLING]
LEWIS, PLEASE, DON'T!
[BUZZING AND SQUEAKING]
OOPS!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
MR. HARRINGTON HAS
A PEANUT ALLERGY!
AAH! I'M SORRY!
HERE, LET ME HELP YOU
GET THAT OFF!
STAND BACK!
[GASPING]
AHH.
IS HE GONNA BE OK?
BREATHE. BREATHE.
I'M SO SORRY.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
IT'S REALLY NICE TO
MEET YOU.
WE'RE GONNA NEED
SOMETIME TO
THINK ABOUT IT.
Mildred: HI, FOLKS.
EVERYTHING ALRIGHT?
[GASPS]
WHAT HAPPENED?!
Mrs. Harrington: MISS DUFFY,
THAT BOY IS DEFINITELY NOT
RIGHT FOR US.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
I--I'M SO SORRY
ABOUT THIS.
IF YOU WOULD JU--
[SLAM]
I MADE SOME LUNCH.
NOT HUNGRY.
POOR MR. HARRINGTON.
I KILLED HIM?!
NO. NO--NO.
YOU DIDN'T KILLED HIM.
I CALLED.
HE'S PERFECTLY FINE.
[SIGHS]
I WAS GONNA SAY
THAT IT'S--
IT'S TOO BAD HE DIDN'T
GET TO TRY A SANDWICH
FROM THAT WONDERFUL
INVENTION OF YOURS.
PFFFBT.
YEAH, REAL WONDERFUL.
IT'S NOT YOU. WE
JUST HAVEN'T FOUND
THE RIGHT COUPLE YET.
124.
WHAT?
THAT'S HOW MANY ADOPTION
INTERVIEWS I'VE HAD--124.
OH, LEWIS, COME ON, NOW.
YOU'RE EXAGGERATING JUST
TO MAKE YOUR--
POINT.
PLUS, I'M GONNA BE
13 NEXT YEAR.
AND YOU KNOW HOW HARD
IT IS FOR A TEENAGER
TO GET ADOPTED.
I HAVE NO FUTURE.
NO ONE WANTS ME.
THAT'S NOT TRUE, LEWIS.
MY OWN MOTHER
DIDN'T EVEN WANT ME.
NOW, STOP IT.
YOU DO NOT KNOW THAT.
THEN WHY'D SHE
GIVE ME UP?
SHE MAY NOT HAVE
BEEN ABLE TO TAKE
CARE OF YOU.
DID YOU EVER
THINK OF THAT?
I AM SURE THAT SHE WAS
ONLY THINKING ABOUT
WHAT WAS BEST FOR YOU.
I NEVER THOUGHT OF
IT THAT WAY.
MAYBE SHE WANTED TO
KEEP YOU BUT
SHE HAD NO CHOICE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MY REAL MOM IS
THE ONLY PERSON
WHOSE EVER WANTED ME.
WAIT, I SAID MAYBE.
AND IF SHE WANTED ME
THEN, SHE WANT ME NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
I HAVE TO FIND HER, MILDRED.
AND WHEN I DO,
SHE'LL TAKE ME BACK
AND WE'LL BE A
FAMILY AGAIN.
WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, LEWIS!
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
NO ONE KNOWS
ANYTHING ABOUT HER.
NO ONE EVEN SAW HER.
WRONG.
I SAW HER.
ONCE.
SHE'S IN HERE.
I JUST HAVE
TO REMEMBER.
THAT'S IT!
Rufus Wainwright:
♪ HELLO ♪
♪ I'VE GOT SOMETHING
TO TELL YOU ♪
♪ BUT IT'S CRAZY ♪
♪ I'VE GOT SOMETHING
TO SHOW YOU ♪
♪ SO GIVE ME JUST
ONE MORE CHANCE ♪
♪ ONE MORE GLANCE ♪
♪ AND I WILL
MAKE OF YOU ♪
♪ ANOTHER BELIEVER ♪
♪ GUESS WHAT? ♪
♪ YOU'VE GOT MORE
THAN YOU'RE BARGAINED ♪
♪ AIN'T IT CRAZY? ♪
♪ YOU'VE GOT MORE THAN
YOU PAID FOR ♪
♪ SO GIVE ME JUST
ONE MORE CHANCE ♪
♪ ONE MORE GLANCE ♪
♪ ONE MORE HAND TO HOLD ♪
♪ YOU'VE BEEN ON MY MIND ♪
♪ THOUGH IT MAY
SEEM I'M FOOLING ♪
♪ WASTED SO MUCH TIME ♪
♪ THOUGH IT MAY
SEEM I'M FOOLING ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO? ♪
♪ WHAT ARE WE GONNA
DO ABOUT IT? ♪
♪ YOU'VE BEEN ON MY MIND ♪
♪ ONE MORE CHANCE ♪
♪ WASTED SO MUCH TIME ♪
♪ ONE MORE GLANCE... ♪
WHOA.
[YAWN] SO TIRED.
WE'LL SEE YOU AT
2:00 THIS AFTERNOON.
HE'LL BE SO EXCITING
YOU'RE COMING.
BYE-BYE, NOW.
YES!
[GASPS]
HEY, GOOB--I
MEAN, MICHAEL.
GOOD LUCK AT THE
BIG GAME TODAY.
EASY WIN. THOSE GUYS
ARE BUNCH OF BUMS.
I JUST HOPE I CAN
STAY AWAKE.
DON'T TELL ME.
LET ME GUESS.
HE WAS UP ALL NIGHT
WORKING ON HIS
STUPID PROJECT,
BUT THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
YOU GET A SCIENCE
GEEK FOR A ROOMATE.
[SLURP]
AHH, THAT'S GOOD JOE.
ALL RIGHT, EINSTEIN,
YOU OWE MICHAEL
BIG TIME.
WELL, UNLOCKING TO THE SECRET
OF A BRAIN
TOOK A LOT LONGER
THAN I EXPECTED,
BUT IT'S FINISHED, MILDRED.
I RECALIBRATED THE HEADSET.
NOW THE NEURAL CIRCUTS
WILL CONNECT.
I'VE CRACKED THE
HIPPOCAMPUS!
REALLY?
OK. WHAT?
NOW, TO TEST IT OUT.
[RING]
OH, NO! I'M LATE!
I GOTTA GO!
WAIT A MINUTE, LEWIS!
WAIT A MINUTE.
HA HA! I ALMOST FORGOT
WHAT I CAME UP HERE FOR.
I KNOW YOU HAD A
LOT ON YOUR PLATE TODAY
BUT I SCHEDULED AN INTERVIEW
FOR YOU THIS AFTERNOON.
NO THANKS.
"NO THANKS"?
SWEETHEART, THIS IS
ABOUT BEING ADOPTED,
AND YOU WILL BE BACK
HERE, CLEAN HAPPY AND ON TIME.
I'M DONE WITH INTERVIEWS,
MILDRED. I'M NOT GONNA BE
REJECTED ANYMORE.
LISTEN, I KNOW WHERE
YOUR HEAD IS
BUT I'M TELLING YOU, YOU
HAVE GOT TO GET OUT OF
THE PAST
AND LOOK TO THE FUTURE.
I AM, AND THIS IS IT.
THIS IS MY FUTURE.
I'M SORRY.
UH, LEWIS? HONEY?
DR. KRUNKLEHORN, I KNOW
YOUR VERY BUSY THERE AT
INVENTCO LABS AND...
WE'RE JUST SO EXCITED
TO HAVE YOU AS A JUDGE.
IT'S MY PLEASURE,
MR. WILLERSTEIN.
HEY, YOU NEVER KNOW.
ONE OF YOUR STUDENTS
MADE INVENT THE
NEXT INTERGRATED
CIRCUT,
OR A MICROPROCESSOR, OR AN
INTERGRATED CIRCUT. OH, WAIT.
I SAID THAT ALREADY.
WELL, I JUST DON'T GET
OUT OF THAT LAB
VERY MUCH.
IS THAT A BOW TIE?
I LIKE BOW TIES.
I HAVEN'T SLEPT
AT 8 DAYS!
UM, WELL, THEN, CAN I
GET YOU A COT OR SOMETHING?
NOPE. I'VE GOT THE
CAFFEINE PATCH.
IT'S MY INVENTION.
EACH PATCH IS THE
EQUIVALENT OF 12
CUPS OF COFFEE.
YOU CAN STAY AWAKE FOR
DAYS WITH NO SIDE EFFECTS.
AAH! SORRY. WHO'S THIS?
UH, THIS IS ONE OF OUR
STUDENT, STANLEY PUKOWSKI.
AW, SO CUTE. I JUST
WANT TO BITE HIS
CHUBBY LITTLE CHEEKS.
[WHISTLE BLOWS]
AAH!
WHAT'S WITH THAT
DRESS, PUKOWSKI?
IT'S, UH, ACTUALLY A
TOGA, SIR.
COACH, NICE TO SEE
YOU, SORT OF.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
JUDGING A SCIENCE FAIR.
WHAT'S IT LOOK LIKE
I'M DOING?
AND WHAT MAKES YOU
QUALLIFIED TO JUDGE
A SCIENCE FAIR?
IT'S MY GYM.
HA HA. STANLEY, VOLCANO.
BEHOLD THE AWESOME
POWER OF...
MOUNT VESUVIUS!
[CLICK]
THE TOGGLE SWITCH
ISN'T, UH, TOGGING.
DR. KRUNKLEHORN?
BARIUM, KOBALT,
EINSTEIN, KOOL-AID!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
SHE JUST SAID,
BUT THIS PROJECT
IS UNACCEPTABLE!
NOW GIVE ME 20 LAPS
AROUND THE GYM!
MOVE IT! MOVE IT! MOVE IT!
GO, GO, GO!
COACH!
I'M WATCHING YOU.
[STANLEY PANTING]
[GASPS]
OK, NEXT UP IS LIZZY
AND HER FIRE ANT FARM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
LIZZY, WE TALKED ABOUT
THE FIRE ANTS.
YOU KNOW THAT THEY HAVE
A TENDENCY TO BITE PEOPLE.
ONLY MY ENEIMES.
[CHUCKLES]
JUST KEEP MOVING,
SHALL WE?
TOP NOTCH, LIZZY.
LET'S NOT ANGER HER
OR MAKE HER JUMPY
IN ANY WAY.
[GRUNTING]
[SIGHS]
AAH!
THIS AREA'S NOT SECURE.
GET IN.
HAVE YOU BEEN APPROACHED
BY A TALL MAN
IN A BOWLER HAT?
WHAT?
HEY, HEY, I'LL ASK
THE QUESTIONS HERE.
OK, GOOD-BYE.
ALL RIGHT, DIDN'T WANNA
TO PULL RANK ON YOU
BUT YOU FORCED MY HAND.
SPECIAL AGENT
WILBUR ROBINSON
OF THE T.C.T.F.
THE WHAT?
TIME CONTINUUM TASK FORCE.
I'M HERE TO PROTECT YOU.
WELL--
NOW TALL MAN, BOWLER HAT,
APPROACHED YOU?
NO, WHY?
[SIGHS] I COULD LOOSE MY
BADGE FOR THIS.
HE'S A SUSPECT IN A ROBBERY.
WHAT DID HE STEAL?
A TIME MACHINE.
A WHAT?
I'VE TRACKED HIM TO THIS
TIME AND MY INFORMANTS
SAY HE'S AFTER YOU.
ME? WHY ME?
THE BOYS BACK
AT HQ
HAVEN'T FIGURED OUT
A MOTIVE YET.
AND BY HQ,
I MEAN HEADQUARTERS.
I KNOW WHAT HQ MEANS.
GOOD.
YOU'RE A SMART KID.
THAT MIGHT KEEP YOU ALIVE.
FOR NOW.
JUST WORRY ABOUT YOUR
LITTLE SCIENCE GIZMO AND
LEAVE THE PERP TO ME.
AND BY PERP
I MEAN--
I KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
OK, MR. SMARTY-PANTS.
BOWLER HAT GUY!
UNH!
WHOA!
[RIBBIT RIBBIT]
Girl: MY FROGS!
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
GET AWAY WITH IT...
KID WITH SCIENCE PROJECT.
DUDE, YOU ALMOST BUSTED
MY SOLAR SYSTEM.
HEH HEH.
MY FROGS! THEY'RE
GETTING AWAY!
[RIBBIT RIBBIT RIBBIT]
[BEEP]
GOT YA!
THAT'S THE LAST OF 'EM.
ANNOYING LITTLE GIRL,
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THIS.
I'M ON A
VERY IMPORTANT--
DON'T SASS ME, BOY.
I KNOW KARATE.
COME ON, PUKOWSKI.
FEEL THE PAIN.
LOVE THE PAIN.
UH, COACH?
OOH, NEXT UP IS LEWIS.
YES, LEWIS. HA HA.
EXCUSE ME.
LEWIS, TELL ME THIS
THING IS NOT GONNA...BOOM!
IT'S OK.
IT'S GONNA WORK THIS TIME.
I WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
I PROMISE.
ALL RIGHT, LEWIS.
I TRUST YOU.
KNOCK 'EM DEAD.
THAT WAS A FIGURE
OF SPEECH.
PLEASE DON'T KILL ANYONE.
OK, STAND BACK, EVERYBODY.
THIS NEXT PROJECT'S WILL
KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF.
SERIOUSLY, UM, YOU--YOU
MIGHT WANNA STAND
BACK A LITTLE.
AHEM.
HAVE YOU EVER FORGOTTEN
SOMETHING AND NO MATTER
HOW HARD YOU TRIED
YOU COULDN'T
REMEMBER IT?
WELL, WHAT HAPPENS TO
THESE FORGOTTEN MEMORIES?
I PROPOSED THEY'RE STORED
SOMEWHERE IN YOUR BRAIN
AND I'VE BUILT A MACHINE
THAT CAN RETRIEVE HIM.
I CALLED IT THE
MEMORY SCANNER.
OOH! IT'S SHINY.
SO, LEWIS, HOW DOES
THE MEMORY SCANNER WORK?
FIRST, YOU INPUT A DESIRE
PERIOD TIME ON THIS KEYPAD.
THEN A LASER SCANS THE
CELEBRAL CORTEX WHERE
MEMORIES ARE STORED.
THE RETRIEVE MEMORY IS THEN
DISPLAYED ON THIS MONITOR.
WRAPPED HIM UP.
I'LL TAKE TWO.
NOW I'M GOING BACK 12 YEARS,
3 MONTHS AND 11 DAYS.
WHY THAT PARTICULAR DAY?
YOU DIDN'T THINK I
WAS PAYING ATTENTION,
DID YA?
UH, WELL, THAT WAS
THE DAY, UM...
LET'S JUST SAY THAT WAS
THE VERY IMPORTANT
DAY OF MY LIFE.
FAIR ENOUGH. PLAY BALL.
IT'LL JUST TAKE A SECOND
TO GET THE TURBINES GOING.
[WHIRRING]
All: WHOA!
[PANTING]
[GASPS]
LEWIS, WAIT!
OHH!
AAH!
[CRASH]
SHE'S GONNA BLOW!
AHH.
OOH, WATCH OUT!
AAH!
ERR! FEEL THE PAIN!
LOVE THE--AAH!
HURT SO MUCH!
MAKE IT STOP!
[SCREAMING]
COACH, SUCK IT UP, OK?
LET US CONDUCT
OURSELVES IN A WAY
THAT WE ALL BE
PROUD OF TOMORROW.
LET'S CALM DOWN!
MR. WILLERSTEIN?
I DIDN'T MEAN TO--
NOT NOW, LEWIS.
I'M SORRY.
I'M SO SORRY.
NOT NOW.
OK, AND WE ARE WALKING IN
A CALM ORDERDLY FASHION
TOWARD THE EXITS.
UNH!
WAIT, LEWIS!
[RIBBIT RIBBIT RIBBIT]
HA HA HA.
COME, MY DEAR.
OUR FUTURE AWAITS.
HA HA HA!
UNH!
[GRUNTING]
UHH!
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING UP HERE?
[IMITATES
PIDGEON COOING]
[COOING]
WOULD YOU QUIT
THAT, PLEASE?
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT
A PIDGEON.
SHH! YOU'RE BLEWING
MY CLOVER.
WE'RE THE ONLY ONE'S
UP HERE.
THAT'S JUST WHAT
THEY WANT YOU
TO THINK.
NOW, ENOUGH MOPING.
TAKE THIS BACK
TO THE SCIENCE FAIR
AND FIX THAT
MEMORY SCANNER.
STOP! STOP! GET
AWAY FROM ME.
MAYBE YOU FORGOTTEN--I'M A
TIME COP FROM THE FUTURE.
SHOULD BE TAKEN
VERY SERIOUSLY.
THAT'S NO BADGE.
THIS IS A COUPON
FOR A TANNING SALON.
YOU'RE A FAKE.
OK, YOU GOT ME.
I'M NOT A COP.
BUT I REALLY AM
FROM THE FUTURE
AND THERE REALLY IS
THIS BOWLER HAT GUY.
[GROANS]
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
HE STOLE THE TIME MACHINE,
CAME TO THE
SCIENCE FAIR,
AND RUINED YOUR PROJECT.
MY PROJECT DIDN'T WORK
BECAUSE I'M NO GOOD.
THERE IS NO BOWLER
HAT GUY, THERE IS
NO TIME MACHINE
AND YOU'RE NOT FROM
THE FUTURE!
YOU'RE CRAZY!
HO HO!
I AM NOT CRAZY.
OH, YEAH, CAPTAIN
TIME TRAVEL? PROVE IT.
UH. UM.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT
I THOUGHT.
I'M JUST GONNA GO
LOCK MYSELF IN MY ROOM
AND HIDE UNDER THE COVERS
FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS.
IF I PROVE TO YOU
I'M FROM THE FUTURE,
WILL YOU GO BACK
TO THE SCIENCE FAIR?
YEAH, SURE,
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
HEY, LET GO OF ME!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LET GO OF ME!
OK.
AAH!
OOH.
[SCREAMING]
AAH!
[MACHINE WHIRS]
WHAT IS THIS?
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
TO THE FUTURE!
HUH?
[WHIRRING]
[PLOP]
WHOA.
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
IS THIS PROOF ENOUGH
FOR YOU?
IS IT EVER!
I NEVER THOUGHT THAT
TIME TRAVEL COULD BE
POSSIBLE IN MY LIFETIME.
AND HERE IT IS--
RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME!
THE TRUTH WILL SET
YOU FREE, BROTHER.
THIS IS BEYOND ANYTHING
I COULD'VE IMAGINE.
THIS MEANS I COULD
REALLY CHANGE MY LIFE.
THAT'S RIGHT. YOU CAN.
NEXT UP, SCIENCE FAIR,
TO FIX YOUR MEMORY SCANNER.
HEY, I'M NOT GONNA FIX
THAT STUPID MEMORY SCANNER.
[TIME MACHINE SCREECHES]
WHAT?
WILBUR, THIS IS
A TIME MACHINE.
WHY SHOULD I FIX
MY DUMB INVENTION
WHEN YOU CAN TAKE ME
TO SEE MY MOM NOW
IN THIS SHIP?
OH. UM.
I COULD ACTUALLY GO
BACK TO THAT NIGHT.
AND STOP HER
FROM GIVING ME UP.
THE ANSWER IS NOT
A TIME MACHINE.
IT'S THIS.
THIS? YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT I THINK ABOUT THIS?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M SORRY, WILBUR,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT I'VE LIVE THROUGH.
LEWIS, NO!
LET GO!
YOU LET GO!
YOU'RE NOT
THE BOSS OF ME.
YES, I AM.
'CAUSE YOU'RE 12,
AND I'M 13.
THAT MAKES ME OLDER.
WELL, I WAS BORN
IN THE PAST,
WHICH MAKES ME OLDER
IN THE BOSS OF YOU.
AAH!
[CRASH]
[HISSING]
I AM SO DEAD.
I'M NOT ALLOWED
TO LOOK AT THIS THING
LEFT ALONE DRIVE IT!
MOM AND DAD
ARE GONNA KILL ME.
AND I CAN TELL YOU THIS--
IT WILL NOT BE DONE
WITH MERCY.
ISN'T THERE, LIKE
A TIME MACHINE REPAIR
SHOP OR SOMETHING?
NO! THERE'S ONLY
2 TIME MACHINES
IN EXISTANCE,
AND THE BOWLER HAT GUY
HAS THE OTHER ONE.
WELL, SOMEBODY'S GONNA
HAVE TO FIX THIS.
GOOD IDEA. YOU'RE SMART.
YOU FIX IT.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
I CAN'T FIX THIS THING!
YES, YOU CAN.
YOU BROKE IT,
YOU FIX IT.
ALL RIGHT.
UNDER ONE CONDITION.
I FIX IT,
YOU TAKE ME BACK
TO SEE MY MOM.
WHAT? YOU DID'T
EVEN FOLLOW THROUGH
ON OUR LAST DEAL.
HOW CAN I TRUST YOU?
WELL, YOU TOLD ME YOU WERE
A TIME COP FROM THE FUTURE.
HOW CAN I TRUST YOU?
TOUCHE.
SO DO WE HAVE
A DEAL?
[CAR HORN HONKING]
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
GOOD DAY, MADAM.
I'M HERE TO CHANGE
THE FUTURE.
YES, SIR?
I MUST SPEAK
WITH THE MAN IN CHARGE
IMMEDIATELY.
YES, SIR.
I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT
WITH DESTINY.
VERY GOOD, SIR.
I'LL LET SMITH KNOW AND
I'LL HAVE YOUR DRY CLEANING
DELIVERED DIRECTLY
TO YOUR SUITE.
WHAT?
NOW WHAT TIME IS
YOUR APPOINTMENT?
UH, ARE YOU TALKING
TO ME?
YES. WHAT TIME IS
YOUR APPOINTMENT?
[CHIRPING]
UH, BIG HAND OF THE--
OH. 2:00.
YOU'RE THE 2:00?
UM, YES.
YES I AM.
YOU'RE MARY JOHNSON?
YES.
MARY IS SHORT FOR, UM...
MARIAN?
AHEM. COUD THAT BE
A BOY NAME?
[SIGHS] YES.
THEN YES.
[SIGHS]
HAVE A SEAT.
OH, GOODY!
HEE HEE HEE.
[HUMMING]
"PASS OFF INVENTION
AS MY OWN."
CHECK.
OH, I LOVE CHECKLISTS.
Receptionist: THE BOARD
IS READY TO SEE YOU NOW.
OH!
WAIT.
WHAT AM I GOING TO SAY?
[CHIRPING]
I'M NEVER GONNA
REMEMBER THAT.
WOULD YOU...
WHY DON'T YOU GO?
YOU DO IT SO MUCH
BETTER THAN ME.
[CHIRPING]
THAT'S TRUE.
A HAT WITHOUT A HEAD
COULDN'T REALLY
PASS OFF AN INVENTION
AS ITS OWN.
[CHIRPING]
FANTASTIC.
GREAT IDEA.
I'M SO GLAD
I HAVE YOU.
"PREPARE TO BE AMAZED."
OH, I GOT IT!
PREPARE TO BE AMAZED!
UH,
"THIS IS MY INVENTION."
"I DOUBT ANY OF YOU
HAVE SEEN
ANYTHING AS BRILLIANT
AS THIS DEVICE."
VERY WELL,
MISS JOHNSON?
UH, IT'S MS.
YOU HAVE 2 MINUTES.
PLEASE BEGIN.
MADAMS AND MONSIEUR.
VOLIA!
[ALL MUMURING]
IT'S SHINY.
WHAT IS THAT THING?
WELL, I LIKE
TO CALL IT MY...
UH, TO CALL IT MY...
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
NO! I...
THE SUN, IN MY EYES.
WELL, THEN LET ME
CLOSE THE BLINDS.
WAIT, I--
NO, I--
[CLEARS THROAT]
NOW, THE NAME?
WELL, WHAT--PFFT.
WE CAN QUIBBLE ABOUT
NAMES AT A LATER DATE.
THE POINT IS,
WHAT I HAVE HERE
IS SPECIAL UNIQUE.
YES. YES, YOU MUST
LOVE IT AND BUY IT
AND MASS PRODUCE IT.
AND THE BEST PART IS,
IT'S GOT REALLY
COMFTY HEADPHONES.
[GRUNTS]
UH, I WONDER,
COULD YOU LEAN FOWARD
JUST A LITTLE BIT,
PLEASE?
YES, THANK YOU.
YES, THEY ARE, UH,
QUITE COMFORTABLE.
UH, WHAT DO YOU HOPE
TO ACCOMPLISH WITH THIS?
OH, NOTHING
OF CONSENQUENCE.
I SIMPLY WISH TO CRUSH
THE DREAMS OF A POOR
LITTLE ORPHAN BOY!
UH, AFTER THAT IS
A LITTLE FUZZY.
YOU MEAN YOU HAVEN'T
THOUGHT THIS THROUGH?
HMM...30 SECONDS.
AHH!
ALLOW ME TO SHOW YOU
HOW IT WORKS.
FIRST, WE TURN IT ON.
UH.
HMM, THAT'S...
THAT'S NOT IT.
10 SECONDS.
HEH HEH.
UH.
[DING]
[GRUNTING]
[CRASH]
SO WHERE DO
I SIGN?
"WATCH OUT." UNH!
DORIS, IT'S ALL OVER.
ALL OUR HOPES AND DREAMS
DASHED LIKE SO MANY
PIECES OF A BROKEN
MACHINEY THING.
[CHIRPING]
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SUCESS IS STILL OURS
FOR THE TAKING.
WE MUST FIND THAT BOY.
WE'LL SNEAK THIS THING
INTO THE GARAGE.
YOU HAVE ALL THE
TOOLS YOU NEED.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
MOM NEVER GOES IN THERE
AND DAD'S ON A
BUSINESS TRIP UNTIL
TOMORROW MORNING.
YOU GOT TILL THEN
TO FIX IT.
WELL, FINE, THEN.
I'M GONNA NEED
SOME BLUEPRINTS
OR SOMETHING FOR THIS.
NO WORRIES.
I GOT SOMEONE WHO
CAN HELP US WITH THAT.
Man: WHO DARES TO
DISTURB MY SANCTUARY?
CARL, IT'S ME.
LET ME IN.
NONE MAY ENTER
UNLESS THEY SPEAK
THE ROYAL PASSWORD.
CARL, WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WE DON'T HAVE
A PASSWORD.
YES, WE DO.
I MADE ONE UP WHILE
YOU WERE GONE.
WELL, THEN HOW AM
I SUPPOSED TO KNOW
WHAT IT IS?
YOU...
GOOD POINT.
[ALARM BUZZES]
WELCOME BACK, LITTLE BUDDY.
SO, UH, WHAT'S UP WITH
THE STOLEN TIME MACHINE?
DID YOU FIND IT?
APPARENTALY NOT.
AND YOU MANAGE TO BUST
THIS ONE AS WELL.
IT'LL BE FIXED BEFORE
DAD GETS HOME.
AND HOW DO YOU
SUPPOSE THAT'S
GONNA--WHO'S THAT?
WOW, A REAL ROBOT!
HI, I'M LEWIS!
AAH!
WELL, THAT WAS UNEXPECTED.
AS WAS THAT.
IF MY FAMILY FINDS OUT
I BROUGHT YOU FROM THE PAST,
THEY'LL BURY ME ALIVE
AND DANCE ON MY GRAVE.
I'M NOT EXAGGERATING!
WELL, YES, I AM,
BUT NOT THE POINT.
THE POINT IS YOUR HAIR'S
A DEAD GIVEAWAY.
WHY WOULD MY HAIR
BE A DEAD GIVE AWAY?
THAT IS
AN EXCELLENT QUESTION.
WAIT, WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
ANOTHER EXCELLENT QUESTION.
BUT I DON'T JUST
WANNA SIT HERE.
STAY.
BUT--
AAH!
AAH! UNH!
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
WOW!
HEY, RING MY DOORBELL.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
RING MY DOORBELL.
RING IT, RING IT,
RING IT, RING IT.
LOOK AT THIS DOORBELL.
RING IT.
[TRUMPET SOUNDS]
YES.
ER. THAT WAS ACCIDENTAL.
IT'S AN ACCIDENTAL RING.
IT DOESN'T COUNT.
IT'S IN A RULE BOOK.
LOOK AT UP.
FLATHEAD.
SHORT ROOTS.
EVERGREEN.
[GROWLING]
[GASPS]
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
DON'T GO TO THE FAMILY?
HOW CAN WE NOT GO TO
THE FAMILY IN THIS TIME
OF FAMILY CRISIS?!
BY LEAVING THE GARAGE DOOR
UNLOCKED, YOU LET THE TIME
MACHINE GET STOLEN,
AND NOW THE ENTIRE TIME
STREAM COULD BE ALTERED.
THAT AND SOMEONE TOOK
MY BIKE.
LOOK, I TOLD YOU.
IT'S GONNA ALL WORK OUT.
FIRST, WE KEEP LEWIS IN THE
GARAGE AWAY FROM EVERYBODY.
I SHOWED UP AND GIVE HIM THE
PEP TALK IN THE CENTURY.
THEN, HE FIXES THE
TIME MACHINE.
WHY IS IT AN ACORN?
I DIDN'T HAVE TIME TO
SCULPT EVERYTHING.
OK, NOW THE TIME
MACHINE'S FIXED.
HIS CONFIDENCE IN
INVENTING IS RESTORED.
HE GOES BACK TO THE
SCIENCE FAIR,
FIXES HIS MEMORY SCANNER,
THUS RESTORING THE
SPACE-TIME CONTINUUM.
WHAT ABOUT TAKING HIM
BACK TO SEE HIS MOM?
I JUST TOLD HIM THAT
TO BUY SOME TIME.
OH, YEAH.
CAN'T SEE THAT ONE BLOWING
UP IN YOUR FACE.
TRUST ME.
I GOT IT UNDER CONTROL.
WILBUR ROBINSON NEVER FAILS.
BUT ON THE SLIGHT
CHANCE THAT I DO--
ON THE SLIGHT CHANCE, YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL RUN THE NUMBERS.
[BEEPING]
[GASPS]
WHAT IS IT?
UH, WELL IT'S NOT...
IT DOESN'T PERTAIN
TO ANYTHING IN--
YOU KNOW, THERE'S
NOT NECESSARILLY...
THERE'S A 99.999999% CHANCE
THAT YOU WON'T EXIST.
WHAT?
AND I DON'T WANNA
TELL YOU.
BUT I DID.
I WON'T EXIST?
AND WHERE DOES THAT
LEAVE ME?
ALONE RUSTING IN
THE CORNER.
EHH, WHAT AM I
WORRIED ABOUT?
NOW, BLUEPRINTS?
[SIGHS]
IF THIS THING
EVER BLOWS OVER,
I REALLY GOTTA GET
AWAY FROM YOU AND
GET SOME QUIET TIME.
AAH!
WHAT'S THAT--
OH, HA HA.
WELL, HEY THERE,
LITTLE FELLA.
NOW I KNOW WHAT
YOUR THINKING.
AND MY CLOTHES ARE
NOT ON BACKWARDS.
MY HEAD IS.
WOO-HOO! HA HA.
OH, I USED TO TELL
THAT ONE TO MY
SCIENCE STUDENTS.
[CHUCKLES]
I DIDN'T LAUGH EITHER.
AH, ANYWHO, WHAT'S
YOUR NAME, FRUITHEAD?
UH, LEWIS, BUT--
LEWIS, HUH?
WELL, SAY, LEWIS,
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN ANY TEETH
AROUND HERE, HAVE YA?
TEETH? UGH.
YEAH, MY TEETH.
BEEN DIGGING HOLES ALL DAY.
CAN'T FIND IT ANYWHERE.
ALL RIGHT.
LOOK, OLD MAN, I NEED
TO GET BACK IN THE GARAGE.
WILBUR LET ME DOWN HERE
AND I WASN'T SUPPOSED TO LEAVE
AND THESE MONSTERS--
MONSTERS?!
THERE'S NO MONSTER ON
THE PORCH, YOU NINNY.
LISTEN TO ME!
OF COURSE, I ALSO DIDN'T THINK
THERE WAS A WOODCHUCK
LIVING IN MY ARM,
AND, OOH--LOOKIE THERE.
HEE HEE.
HOPE HE AIN'T GOT RABIES.
OLD MAN, I NEED TO
GET TO THE GARAGE!
WELL, SURE, I'LL GET
YOU THERE IN A JIFFY.
I KNOW A SHORTCUT.
WELCOME TO THE GARAGE.
WELL, I'M COMPLETELY LOST.
HIYA, GRANDPA.
HEY, AUNT BILLIE.
LEWIS AND ME ARE
LOOKING FOR THE GARAGE.
WE HAVE A GARAGE?
APPARENTLY SO.
LEWIS, WILL YA GIVE ME
A HAND AND TIE MY RACE?
OK, GASTON, MY TOY TRAIN
IS READY FOR YOU.
THAT'S A TOY TRAIN?
ON YOUR MARK,
GET SET, GO?
[TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS]
UM, 3.7. SECONDS.
I WIN!
OK, LEWIS, I'VE
GOT THE BLUEPRINTS.
LEWIS?
THAT'S UNCLE JOE.
HE WORKS OUT.
[SPLASH]
THIS ISN'T THE GARAGE.
I KNOW.
I DON'T THINK THE
GARAGE ISN'T HERE EITHER.
EGADS!
A VERY GRAVE MATTER, INDEED.
THAT'S UNCLE ART.
A REAL SUPERHERO?
QUAD-FOUR, ALPHA
OMEGA GALAXY NEEDS A LARGE
CHEESE AND SAUSAGE
THIN-CRUST?
I'LL BE THERE IN 30
MINUTES OR IT'S FREE.
HE'S A--
PIZZA DELIVERY GUY.
LEWIS?
WHAT ARE WE DOING UP HERE?
LOOKING FOR THE GARAGE?
OH, YEAH.
AAH!
WOO-HOO!
LASZLO, YOU STOP PAINTING
MY HAT OR I'M TELLING MA.
AHH, LIGHTEN UP, SIS.
LASZ, I MEAN IT.
CHILDREN, PLEASE.
YOUR MOTHER'S TRYING
TO TAKE A NAP.
WHAT IS ALL THE
YELLING OUT HERE?
SHE STARTED IT.
HE STARTED IT.
I DON'T WANNA HEAR
IT ANYMORE.
NOW, SWEETIE--
DON'T YOU SWEETIE ME!
I'M GOING FOR A DRIVE!
[ENGINE STARTS]
THAT'S STRANGE.
HE USUALLY TAKES
THE HARVEY.
LEWIS!
OOH, I THINK MY WIFE
LUCILLE'S BAKING COOKIES.
BAKE THEM COOKIES, LUCILLE.
WHY IS YOUR DOG'S
WEARING GLASSES?
OH, 'CAUSE HIS
INSURANCE WON'T PAY
FOR CONTACT.
THAT'S UNCLE SPIKE,
AND THERE'S UNCLE DIMITRI.
[GROWLS]
OH, LOOK IT'S--
AAH! THAT'S THE MONSTER.
OH, NO, LEWIS.
THAT'S OUR BUTLER, LEFTY.
[GROWLING]
NICE TO MEET YOU.
HEY, LEFTY, ANY IDEA HOW
TO GET TO THE GARAGE?
[GROWLS]
WELL, THAT'S TRUE.
WE DIDN'T ASK HER YET.
WHO?
WILBUR'S MOM, FRANNY.
I THINK YOU LIKE HER.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC
PLAYING]
HEY, GUYS.
♪ YOU ASK ME OVER,
AND OVER AND OVER ♪
♪ HAVE YOU SEEN MY
PEACOCK-FEATHERED HAT? ♪
FROGS?
TAUGHT 'EM EVERYTHING
THEY KNOW.
FRANNY, THIS IS LEWIS.
NICE TO MEET YOU, MA'AM.
PERFECT TIMING.
WE NEED SOMEONE ON MARACAS.
♪ WHERE IS YOUR HEART AT?
NOBODY KNOWS THAT ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU HIM, HER, ME
AND HER ARMY SEARCHING ♪
♪ I'VE GOT A FEELING
YOU WILL BE REELING ♪
♪ YOU ARE BAD AND THE
CIRCUS COMES TO TOWN ♪
GRANDPA, I THINK I
FOUND YOUR TEETH.
♪ DRESSED UP AS
A MAGICIAN ♪
♪ OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT ♪
SARSPARILLA!
MY TEETH ARE BACK!
RING-A-DING-DING.
[CHEERING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
ALL RIGHT!
RIGHT. WELL, UH, GLAD
I CAN HELP YOU
WITH THE TEETH,
BUT, UM, WOW, LOOK
AT THE TIME.
UNH!
LEWIS, I TOLD YOU
TO STAY IN THE GARAGE.
I DID,
BUT I WENT UP THE TUBE
AND I RAN INTO YOUR FAMILY
AND I--
[BABBLES]
YOU MET MY FAMILY?
POP QUIZ.
WHO HAVE YOU MET
AND WHAT HAVE YOU
LEARNT?
OK. BUD, FRITZ AND JOE
ARE BROTHERS.
FRITZ IS MARRIED TO PETUNIA
AND IS SHE--
CRANKY? YES.
TALLULAH AND LASZLO
ARE THEIR CHILDREN.
JOE IS MARRIED TO BILLIE,
LEFTY IS THE BUTLER.
SPIKE AND DIMITRI
ARE TWINS,
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHO THEY'RE RELATED TO.
NEITHER DO WE.
GO ON.
LUCILLE IS MARRIED TO BUD
AND YOUR DAD CORNELIUS
IS THEIR SON.
WHAT DOES CORNELIUS
LOOK LIKE?
TOM SELLECK.
OK, CONELIUS IS
MARRIED TO FRANNY
AND HER BROTHERS
ARE GASTON AND ART.
YOU'RE FORGETTING
SOMETHING.
FORGETTING?
OH, RIGHT.
WILBUR IS THE SON
OF FRANNY AND CORNELIUS.
AND NOBODY REALIZED
YOU WERE FROM THE PAST?
NOPE.
WHEW.
THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
HOLD YOUR APPLAUSE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[CAR HORN BEEPING]
[CHIRPING]
[WHIRRING]
HA HA.
UNH! DORIS, GET
IT OFF! GET IT OFF!
[CREAK]
OHH!
I'VE GOT YOU NOW.
LEWIS!
NO.
LEWIS IS MY STUPID ROOMATE.
MY NAME'S MIKE YAGOOBIAN.
PEOPLE CALL ME "GOOB."
BUT TODAY EVERYONE THAT BEAT
ME UP CALLED ME "PUKE FACE."
AND "BUTTERFINGERS."
AND "BOOGER BREATH."
NICE TO SEE THAT THEY'RE
BRANCHING OUT.
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO--
WELL, I WAS JUST
LOOKING FOR LEWIS.
TRY THE ROOF.
HE'S ALWAYS UP THERE
BEING DUMB.
OF COURSE.
WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THAT?
MR. STEAK, YOU'RE MY
ONLY FRIEND.
UH, GAME DIDN'T GO
SO WELL, HUH?
NO.
I FELL ASLEEP
IN THE NINTH INNING.
AND I MISSED THE
WINNING CATCH.
THEN I GOT BEAT UP.
AFTERWARDS,
COACH TOOK ME ASIDE
AND TOLD ME TO
LET IT GO.
I DON'T KNOW.
HE'S PROBABLY RIGHT.
NO!
EVERYONE WILL TELL YOU TO LET
IT GO AND MOVE ON, BUT DON'T.
INSTEAD, LET IF FESTER
AND BOIL INSIDE OF YOU.
TAKE THESE FEELINGS
AND LOCK THEM AWAY.
LET THEM FUEL YOUR ACTIONS.
LET HATE TO YOUR ALLY,
AND YOU WILL BE CAPABLE OF
WONDERFULLY HORRID THINGS.
HEED MY WORDS, GOOB.
DON'T LET IT GO.
WHAT?
HA HA HA HA!
WHERE IS THAT BOY?!
[CHIRPING]
OOH, GOOD IDEA!
SEPERATE AND LOOK
FOR CLUES.
[CRASH]
[MEOW]
HA HA! LOOK, MY DEAR!
LOOK WHAT I FOUND!
IT'S A STICK!
HA HA HA!
NOW WHAT DID YOU FIND?
[CHIRPING]
YES.
YES, I SEE.
TIME TRAVEL RESIDUE NEXT
TO DNA FROM WILBUR ROBINSON.
THAT, PLUS MY STICK
MUST MEAN--
[GROANS]
[CHIRPING]
[HORN HONKING]
OOH! TO THE FUTURE!
SHOTGUN!
HA HA HA!
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHAT I'M DOING.
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
I MEAN, THIS STUFF IS WAY
TO ADVANCE FOR ME.
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
AND WHAT IF I CAN'T FIX THIS?
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
WHY DO YOU KEEP SAYING THAT?
AND DON'T JUST SAY
"KEEP MOVING FORWARD."
IT'S MY DAD'S MOTTO.
WHY WOULD HIS MOTTO BE
"KEEP MOVING FORWARD"?
IT'S WHAT HE DOES.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
THAT IS
AN EXCELLENT QUESTION.
ROBINSON INDUSTRIES,
THE WORLD'S LEADING
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
AND DESIGN FACTORY.
MY DAD RUNS THE COMPANY.
THEY MASS PRODUCE
HIS INVENTIONS.
HIS MOTTO--
KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
IT'S WHAT HE DOES.
WHAT IS HE INVENTED?
EVERYTHING.
CARL, THE TIME MACHINE,
THE TRAVEL TUBES.
YOUR DAD INVENTED
THE TIME MACHINE?
YEP.
5 YEARS AGO, DAD WAKES
UP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
NIGHT IN A COLD SWEAT.
HE WANTS TO BUILD
A TIME MACHINE.
SO HE STARTS WORKING.
WE'RE TALKING PLANS,
WE'RE TALKING SCALE MODELS,
WE'RE TALKING PROTOTYPES.
THAT'S A PROTOTYPE?
THE VERY FIRST,
OR WHAT'S LEFT OF IT.
YIKES.
YEAH.
DARK DAY AT
THE ROBINSON'S HOUSE.
PROTOTYPES 2 AND 3,
NOT MUCH BETTER.
NUMBER 6, 58,
212, 485, 952,
AND THEY ALL END
THE SAME WAY.
BUT HE DOESN'T GIVE UP.
DUDE, I CAN'T TAKE YOU
SERIOUSLY IN THAT HAT.
HE KEEPS WORKING AND WORKING
UNTIL, FINALLY, HE GETS IT,
THE FIRST WORKING
TIME MACHINE.
THEN HE KEEPS
WORKING AND WORKING
UNTIL FINALLY
HE GETS IT AGAIN,
THE SECOND WORKING
TIME MACHINE.
KIND OF SMALL.
I'M ASSUMING
THAT'S A JOKE.
I'M IGNORING YOU
FOR TIME REASONS.
THIS, MY FRIEND,
IS MERELY A MODEL,
BECAUSE, UNFORTUNATELY,
TIME MACHINE NUMBER 2
IS IN THE HANDS OF
THE BOWLER HAT GUY.
HA HA HA!
HA HA HA HA.
PRETTY AMAZING
STORY, HUH?
YEAH.
NOW, ARE YOU READY
TO START WORKING?
[BEEP]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
I THINK THAT'S IT.
I DID IT!
I KNEW YOU COULD.
[BEEPING]
[STARTS ENGINE]
NICE WORK, MY FRIEND.
[WHIRRING]
WELL, YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY.
KEEP MOVING--
DON'T SAY IT!
[SIGHS]
[BEEP]
Franny: BOYS, DINNERTIME.
NOT NOW, MOM.
IF YOU AREN'T UP HERE
IN 5 MINUTES,
I'M GONNA COME DOWN
AND GET YOU!
WE'D BETTER GET
UP THERE.
HA HA HA!
LET'S GET THAT BOY!
[CHIRPING]
SIT HERE?
BUT I WANNA LOOK, TOO.
[CHIRPING]
OOH, A MINI DORIS.
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU
CAN DO THAT.
IT'S SO CUTE.
LET'S TAKE HER OUT
FOR A SPIN.
OOH, SORRY.
HA HA HA! TEAMWORK.
OOH. SORRY.
[GASPS]
AHA!
THERE YOU ARE.
[CHUCKLES]
NOW TO LURE HIM OUT
OF THE HOUSE.
I KNOW!
I'LL BLOW IT UP!
YES! YES, AND--
UH, NO.
THAT WON'T WORK.
THEN HE'LL BE DEAD.
OOH, I KNOW!
I'LL TURN HIM INTO
A DUCK!
YES, YES!
IT'S SO EVIL.
OHH!
I DON'T KNOW HOW
TO DO THAT.
I DON'T REALLY NEED A DUCK.
OH, THIS MAY BE
HARDER THAN I THOUGHT.
HEY, RING MY DOORBELL.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
RING THIS DOORBELL.
THAT DOORBELL WILL
GIVE YOU A RASH.
[TRUMPETING]
YES!
I'M 2 FOR 2, MAN.
IF THEY DON'T DO THIS ON
PURPOSE, IT DOESN'T COUNT.
COME ON.
READ YOUR RULE BOOK.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU CAN TAKE YOUR RULE BOOK
AND SHOVE IT RIGHT...
♪ I DON'T BELIEVE IN
FRETTING OR GRIEVING ♪
♪ WHY MESS AROUND THE STRIFE? ♪
♪ GUESS I WAS CUT OUT
TO STEP OUT AND STRUT OUT ♪
♪ GIVE ME THE SIMPLE LIFE ♪
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN...
DINNER IS SERVED.
OOH!
OH.
♪ MASHED POTATOES ♪
OOH, HOORAY.
ITALLIAN FOOD.
I WANT A SLOPPY JOE.
OH, BILLIE, COULD YOU PLEASE
PASS THE GRAVY?
COMING TO YOU, BIG GIRL.
REMINDS ME OF THE TIME MY
MEATBALL PIZZA STAVE OFF
CIVIL WAR IN THE
BLACK MOON OF KEWARD.
WHERE'S MY SLOPPY JOE?
AHEM.
WE GOTTA TALK.
GRAVY! OVER HERE.
WHERE'S THE KID STILL HERE?
ANY OF THIS RING A BELL?
SCIENCE FAIR,
MEMORY SCANNER--
A TIME STREAM THAT
NEEDS FIXING?
TEMPORARY SETBACK.
HE JUST HAVING A LITTLE
CONFIDENCE ISSUE.
YOU WANT ME TO
TALK TO HIM?
NO.
I GIVE A MEAN
BACK RUB.
NO.
SHIATSU?
FENG SHUI.
NO.
I'VE GOT IT
UNDER CONTROL.
[CHUCKLING]
SO, LEWIS, ARE YOU
IN WILBUR'S CLASS?
YES. NO. HEH.
UH, WELL, YES
AND NO.
LEWIS IS, UH, A
NEW TRANSFER STUDENT.
UH, YEAH.
WHERE ARE YOU
FROM, LEWIS?
CANADA?
I THINK YOU MEAN
NORTH MONTANA.
HASN'T BEEN CALLED
CANADA IN YEARS.
DO YOU KNOW
SAM GUNDERSON?
UM, IT'S A BIG COUNTRY.
STATE.
WELL, I WONDER
IF YOU'RE RELATED.
MAYBE IF HE TOOK
HIS HAT OFF.
OH, GOOD IDEA.
THEN WE CAN SEE
IF HE HAS
THE FAMILY COWLICK.
HE CAN'T. UH,
BECAUSE, UM--HE'S
GOT BAD HAT HERE.
OH-HO, NONSENSE.
A NORTH MONTANA
MAN DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT HAT HAIR.
LET'S SEE THE COWLICK.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE.
HOLD YOUR HORSES.
LEWIS, DO YOU MIND?
I'M AFRAID THIS ISN'T
GONNA STOP OTHERWISE.
UNH!
BUT, BUT--
AND SO IT BEGINS.
NOW DON'T BE SHY.
WE'RE ALL FAMILY HERE.
FIRE!
[GASPS]
HA! SURLY THAT IS NOT
THE BEST YOU CAN DO.
IMPRESSIVE, LITTLE SISTER.
YOUR SKILLS ARE STRONG.
BUT NOT STRONG ENOUGH.
YOUR WORDS DO NOT
THREATEN ME, BROTHER.
WELL, ENOUGH WORDS.
NOW THE REAL BATTLE BEGINS.
[GRUNTING]
YOUR MEATBALLS ARE
USELESS AGAINST ME.
THEN, PERHAPS IT'S
TIME FOR SPICY
ITALLIAN SAUSAGE!
[GASPS]
OH!
[GRUNTS]
UNH!
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
RIGHT. I DID IT.
IS DINNER LIKE THIS
EVERY NIGHT?
NO. YESTERDAY
WE HAD MEATLOAF.
OK, GANG, TIME FOR THE
SECOND COURSE.
AND WHAT GOES BETTER
WITH MEATBALLS THAN P.B. & J.?
HEY, THAT'S JUST LIKE...
[BEEPING]
STUPID...OW!
CARL?
AHH!
IS EVERYTHING ALRIGHT?
WE'RE JUST, UNH--
EXPERIENCING BUGS.
JUST WHAT THE
DOCTOR ORDERED.
MY FRIEND LEWIS IS
AN INVENTOR.
HE CAN FIX IT.
WILBUR, YOU KNOW I CAN'T.
OH, COME ON.
GIVE IT A TRY.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT'S IT STAKE HERE.
UNCLE JOE'S SEEN THE TOAST.
[WHIMPERS]
WE'RE PAST THE POINT
OF NO RETURN!
IF HE DOESN'T GET P.B. & J....
WE ALL PAY.
I--I DON'T KNOW.
YOU REALLY BE HELPING
US OUT, LEWIS.
All: PLEASE.
ONE DRAGONFLY ON
THE ROCKS, PLEASE,
MR. BARKEEP.
HEY, FRANKIE, BABY.
YOU GOTTA TELL US ONE
OF YOUR JOKES.
YEAH, FRANKIE.
HOW ABOUT THAT ONE
WITH THE BULLFROG?
ALL RIGHT, YOU BOZOS.
WE HAVE TO GET THAT
BOY OUT OF THE HOUSE.
OH, SORRY.
WAIT!
SO I TURNED INTO A BULLFROG,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT I SAYS?
TALKING FROGS WITH THEIR
OWN LITTLE OUTDOOR BAR,
AND SO SMARTLY DRESSED.
PERFECT!
AND I SAYS "HEY, NOT WITH
MY UMBRELLA, YOU DON'T."
[LAUGHTER]
FRANKIE, YOU'RE A RIOT!
I GOTTA GO PEE!
YOU BUNCH OF GOONS.
[BUZZING]
MMM. THAT'S A GOOD BUZZ.
WHAT THE...
AHH, YES!
YOU ARE NOW UNDER
MY CONTROL.
I AM NOW UNDER
YOUR CONTROL.
HA HA HA!
HEE HEE HEE HEE HEE.
STOP LAUGHING.
DON'T REPEAT
EVERYTHING I SAY.
I WON'T REPEAT
EVERYTHING YOU SAY.
EXCELLENT.
UM, DID YOU JUST SAY
"EXCELLENT," BECAUSE I SAID
"EXCELLENT?"
UH...NO.
EXCELLENT.
SO, MR. FIX-IT,
HOW'S IT LOOKING?
PRETTY GOOD, MRS. ROBINSON.
I'VE RECALIBRATED THE
DISPENSING CONDUITS,
AND ALIGNED THE EJECTION
MECHANISM AND...
HA HA HA!
THERE HE IS--
THAT REPULSIVE,
HALF-WITTED FOOL.
NOW, MY SLAVE!
SEIZE THE BOY!
BRING HIM TO ME.
DID YOU NOT HEAR WHAT
I SAID, YOU IDIOT?!
GRAB THE BOY AND
BRING HIM!
WELL, IT'S JUST THAT THERE'S
A MILLION PEOPLE OVER THERE,
AND I HAVE LITTLE ARMS.
I'M JUST NOT SO SURE
HOW WELL THIS PLAN
WAS THOUGHT THROUGH.
MASTER?
[GROANING]
OK, THAT SHOULD
DO IT.
OH, IT'S SO EXCITING.
LET HER RIP, LEWIS.
QUICKLY. UNCLE JOE
CAN'T HOLD ON
MUCH LONGER.
EVERYBODY READY?
GO, CARL.
[CHEERING]
[WHIRRING]
OH, NO.
OOH!
I DIDN'T KNOW. I'M
SORRY. I'M SO SORRY.
YOU FAILED!
AND IT WAS AWESOME!
EXCEPTIONAL.
OUTSTANDING!
UH, I'VE SEEN BETTER.
FROM FAILING YOU
LEARN. FROM SUCESS
NOT SO MUCH.
IF I GAVE UP
EVERYTIME I FAILED,
I NEVER WOULD HAVE MADE
THE MEATBALL CANNON.
MY FIREPROOF PANTS.
AHH, STILL WORKING
OUT THE KINKS.
LIKE MY HUSBAND
ALWAYS SAYS...
♪ KEEP MOVING FORWARD ♪
♪ KEEP MOVING, KEEP
MOVING, STOP ♪
♪ TA-DA ♪
OK, TALKING FROG,
NOT A GOOD MINION.
NEED ANOTHER HENCHMAN,
SOMETHING LARGE,
NOT TOO BRIGHT.
SOMETHING THAT WON'T
TALK BACK.
WHAT IS HE STILL
DOING HERE?!
GET RID OF HIM.
OH, MY NOGGIN.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
GET YOUR LOUSY HANDS
OFF OF ME!
YOU'RE GONNA REGRET THIS!
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WAIT, WAIT. DON'T MOVE.
THAT'S IT!
I WONDER IF I
SHOULD TELL DORIS.
NO, I'LL MAKE IT A SURPRISE.
HA HA HA!
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE,
QUIET DOWN. QUIET DOWN.
I PROPOSE A TOAST
TO LEWIS AND HIS
BRILLIANT FAILURE.
MAY IT LEAD TO
SUCCESS IN THE FUTURE.
GOSH, YOU'RE ALL
SO NICE.
IF I HAD A FAMILY,
I--
I WANT THEM TO
BE JUST LIKE YOU.
OH, UM...WELL, THEN,
TO LEWIS.
All: TO LEWIS!
TO LEWIS!
[CHEERING]
HA HA.
[WHIRRING]
DEAR, LOUIE ARMSTRONG
WAS A SINGER.
WHAT DID HE MEAN
IF HE HAD A FAMILY?
OH, LEWIS IS AN ORPHAN.
ORPHAN?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[THUMP]
[ROAR]
AAH!
BIG BOY.
[GROANING]
GET UP, YOU PANSY.
WHAT A GREAT PLAN.
GO BACK IN TIME
AND STEAL THE
DINOSAUR.
OOH, DORIS WILL BE
SO PROUD OF ME.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL
ME YOU HAD A
PET DINOSAUR?
UH--BECAUSE WE DON'T.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT? SHE STANDING
RIGHT HERE.
[ROAR]
OH, NO! NO, YOU
CAN'T EAT HIM.
I NEED HIM ALIVE.
[TOOT TOOT]
CHOO-CHEW ON THIS!
[POP]
LEWIS!
[ROAR]
READY, AIM--FIRE!
HUH?
AAH!
[BEEPING]
AAH.
GOTCHA.
YOU MESSED WITH
THE WRONG FAMILY!
DING DONG.
PIZZA'S HERE.
NO!
OK, EVERYBODY, THIS
DINO'S DEEP-DISHED.
[GASPS]
RUN!
[ROAR]
OH, HE ATE CARL!
[YELLING]
[ROAR]
OH, NO.
[PANTING]
[ROAR]
INCOMING!
AAH!
RUN!
UNH!
NOW GO GET THAT BOY!
WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY
AREN'T YOU SEIZING
THE BOY?!
UGH! STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!
[ROAR]
[GASPS]
[CHIRPING]
BOWLER HAT GUY!
HIM YOU CAN EAT.
LEWIS, RUN!
WILBUR!
AAHH!
[GROANING]
AH!
UNH!
[BOING]
NO!
[GRUNTING]
AAHH!
[BOTH GRUNT]
[CHIRPING]
[WHIRS]
[SNAP]
OH, NO!
LITTLE DORIS NOW
SLEEPS WITH THE FISHES.
[GROWLING]
NICE CATCH.
NICE MEATBALL SHOOTING.
GUESS WE MADE A
PRETTY GOOD TEAM, HUH?
YEAH. GUESS WE DID.
ARE YOU BOYS ALL RIGHT?
WE'RE GOOD, MOM.
YEAH, DID YOU SEE US TAKE
OUT THAT DINOSAUR?
OH, MAN! IT WAS
SO COOL, MOM!
OH, I MEAN,
I'M SORRY.
I DIDN'T...
OH, LEWIS, IT'S OK.
I'M REALLY HAPPY
YOU'RE SAFE.
YOUR--YOUR HEAD.
WHAT?
OH, THAT'S JUST
A BRUISE, LEWIS.
YOU ALL SACRIFIED
SO MUCH...
FOR ME.
WELL, OF COURSE.
YOU ARE A SPECIAL KID.
ONE OF A KIND.
OK, YOU SHOULD GET HIM OUT
OF HERE BEFORE SOMETHING
REALLY BAD HAPPENS.
SILLY, SILLY ROBOT.
I'VE GOT IT
ALL UNDER CONTROL.
OK, EVERYBODY,
IT'S BEEN
A LONG, HARD DAY
FILLED WITH
EMOTIONAL TURMOIL
AND DINOSAUR FIGHTS.
SO WHY DON'T YOU ALL
HIT THE HAY,
AND LEWIS AND ME
WILL GET GOING.
OH.
OH, OH, DO YOU HAVE
TO GO NOW?
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
IT'S GETTING LATE.
MAYBE, UM, MAYBE LEWIS
COULD SPEND THE NIGHT.
MOM, MAYBE SOME
OTHER TIME, OK?
WELL, ANY TIME
YOU WANT TO COME OVER,
YOU JUST COME OVER.
MOM.
THE TRUTH IS,
WE LOVE HAVING YOU.
WE REALLY
HAVE TO GO.
NO.
NO, YOU DON'T.
YOU HAVE TO STAY.
I MEAN, WHO WOULD BE
A BETTER FAMILY
FOR YOU THAN US?
WHAT DO YOU SAY, LEWIS?
DO YOU WANT TO BE
A ROBINSON?
YOU--YOU WANT TO
ADOPT ME?
[CHEERING]
[ALL GASPING]
OK, IT'S TRUE.
I'M FROM THE PAST.
NOW YOU KNOW
THE BIG SECRET.
WILBUR,
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
HOW COULD YOU
BRING HIM HERE?
THAT IS AN EXCELLENT
QUESTION.
PLEASE, DON'T GET MAD
AT WILBUR.
HE WAS JUST BEING
A GOOD FRIEND.
LEWIS, I AM SO SORRY,
BUT YOU HAVE TO GO.
WHAT? YOU JUST SAID...
I KNOW WHAT I SAID.
I'M FROM THE PAST.
SO WHAT?
LEWIS.
LEWIS, LOOK AT ME.
YOU'RE...
YOU'RE A GREAT KID,
AND WE WOULD
NEVER DO ANYTHING
TO HURT YOU,
BUT...
I'M SORRY.
YOU HAVE TO GO BACK
TO YOUR OWN TIME.
YEAH, ABOUT THAT,
UM...
ONE OF THE TIME MACHINES
IS BROKEN,
AND THE OTHER ONE
WAS STOLEN BY A GUY
WITH A BOWLER HAT,
WHICH, UH, KIND OF
EXPLAINS THE DINO.
[WEAK GROWL]
[THUD]
I'M CALLING
YOUR FATHER.
WAIT. IF I HAVE TO LEAVE,
CAN I AT LEAST GO BACK
AND FIND MY MOM?
WILBUR PROMISED.
YOU PROMISED WHAT?
I WAS NEVER
GONNA DO IT.
I SWEAR!
[GASPS]
YOU LIED TO ME?
NO! YES.
GRRR!
LEWIS!
LEWIS, WAIT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I WAS DUMB ENOUGH
TO ACTUALLY BELIEVE
YOU WERE MY FRIEND!
I AM YOUR FRIEND!
MISTER,
YOU'RE GROUNDED,
TILL YOU DIE.
[PANTING]
[SNIFFLES]
[FEEDBACK]
OH, YES, DORIS.
IT IS ASHAMED.
ALL HE WANTS TO DO IS
GO BACK IN TIME
TO MEET THE MOTHER
HE NEVER KNEW.
BUT THEY WON'T LET IT.
WE LET HIM GO,
WOULDN'T WE?
TOO BAD WE DON'T HAVE
A TIME MACHINE.
OH, WAIT. WE DO.
BOWLER HAT GUY?
HELLO, LEWIS.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
TO MAKE YOUR DREAM
COME TRUE.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS PUT HUMPTY DUMPTY
BACK TOGETHER AGAIN,
AND WE'LL TAKE YOU
BACK TO FIND YOUR MOMMY.
LEWIS!
LET'S JUST TALK
ABOUT THIS, LEWIS.
COME ON.
I KNOW YOU'RE AROUND
HERE SOMEWHERE.
LEWIS!
[GASPS]
HA HA HA!
I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW YOU'RE
SO INTERESTED IN THIS
PIECE OF JUNK.
THAT'S FOR ME TO KNOW
AND YOU TO FIND OUT.
NOW SHOW ME HOW
TO WORK THIS THING.
IT DOESN'T WORK.
NEVER DID.
WELL, SUPPOSING IT DID,
AND IF ONE WERE PRESENTING
THE INVENTION TO, SAY,
OH, A BOARD OF DIRECTORS FOR
A VERY LARGE INVENTION COMPANY,
WHERE MIGHT FIND THE
"ON" SWITCH?
HYPOTHETICHALLY SPEAKING,
OF COURSE.
ALL RIGHT, FIRST, YOU TURN
THIS KNOB TWICE,
THEN PUSH THIS RED BUTTON.
AND THAT'S IT.
IT'S PRETTY EASY.
WHAT A STUPID WAY
TO TURN IT ON.
OK, TAKE ME TO SEE
MY MOM NOW.
YES, OF COURSE.
DORIS?
[GASPS]
AH! WE HAD A DEAL.
CROSSIES! IT DOESN'T COUNT.
WHY ARE YOU DOING
THIS TO ME?
I NEVER DID ANYTHING TO YOU.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T
FIGURE IT OUT.
FIGURE IT OUT WHAT?
LET'S SEE IF THIS
RINGS A BELL.
FATHER OF THE FUTURE,
INVENTOR EXTRAORDINAIRE,
KEEP MOVING FORWARD?
THAT'S NOT ME.
THAT'S WILBUR'S DAD.
ARE YOU SAYING THAT
I'M WILBUR'S DAD?
OOH, GIVE THE BOY A PRIZE!
YOU GREW UP TO BE THE
FOUNDER OF THIS WRETCHED TIME,
SO I PLAN TO
DESTROY YOUR DESTINY.
EASY PEASY,
RICE AND CHEESY.
WELL...
SO IF I'M WILBUR'S DAD...
KEEP GOING.
UH, IF I'M WILBUR'S DAD...
YES, THANK YOU,
WE'VE ESTABLISH THAT.
BUT WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO WITH YOU?
AHA! ALLOW ME TO SHED
SOME LIGHT ON THE SUBJECT.
[GASPS]
MY OLD ROOM.
I THINK YOU MEAN
OUR OLD ROOM.
WHAT?
YES!
YES, IT IS I,
MIKE YAGOOBIAN!
UGH!
I KNOW.
I'M DISGUSTING.
BUT ONE LEARNS
TO LOVE IT.
HOW DID YOU
END UP LIKE THIS?
WELL, IT'S A LONG
AND PITIFUL STORY
ABOUT A YOUNG BOY
WITH A DREAM,
A DREAM OF WINNING
A LITTLE LEAGUE
CHAMPIONSHIP.
[CRACK]
[CROWD CHEERING]
[SNORING]
A DREAM THAT WAS RUINED
IN THE LAST INNING.
WE LOST BY ONE RUN
BECAUSE OF ME.
GET HIM!
IF I HADEN'T FALLEN ASLEEP,
I WOULD HAVE CAUGHT THE BALL!
AND WE WOULD HAVE WON!
DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
FOR SOME REASON,
NO ONE WANTED TO ADOPT ME.
Man on radio: WHIZ KID
CORNELIUS ROBINSON
GRADUATES FROM COLLEGE
AT AGE 14.
THIS YEAR'S NOBEL PRIZE
GOES TO A YOUNG
CORNELIUS ROBINSON.
[CHOKING]
HEY, GOOB, WHAT'S UP?
COOL BINDER.
HEY, GOOB,
WANNA COME OVER
TO MY HOUSE TODAY?
THEY ALL HATED ME.
EVENTUALLY, THEY CLOSED
DOWN THE ORPHANGE
AND EVERYONE LEFT,
EXCEPT ME.
Man on radio:
CORNELIUS ROBINSON
REBUILDS INVENTCO.
ROBINSON
REACHES OUT TO...
CORNELIUS ROBINSON!
CORNELIUS ROBINSON
IS NOW...
NOW HERE'S
ANOTHER AMAZING...
IT WAS THEN
THAT I REALIZED
IT WASN'T MY FAULT.
IT WAS YOURS.
IF YOU HADN'T
KEPT ME UP ALL NIGHT
WORKING ON
YOUR STUPID PROJECT,
THEN I WOULDN'T HAVE
MISSED THE CATCH,
SO I DEVISED A BRILLIANT
PLAN TO GET MY REVENGE.
ROBINSON, YOU STINK!
THEN, JUST AS I WAS
ON THE BRINK
OF DESTROYING
ROBINSON INDUSTRIES,
I MET HER.
[CHIRP]
WE RETREATED
TO OUR VILLANOUS LAIR,
WHERE DORIS SPUN A TALE
OF DECEPTION AND WOE.
APPARENTLY, YOU INVENTED HER
TO BE A HELPING HAT.
A SLAVE TO HUMANKIND...
BUT DORIS KNOW
SHE WAS CAPABLE
OF SO MUCH MORE.
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
HOWEVER, YOU DIDN'T SEE
HER TRUE POTENTIAL.
GOT IT.
SO YOU SHUT HER DOWN...
OR SO YOU THOUGHT.
[CRASH]
[SCREECHING]
[WHIMPERING]
WE BOTH HAD A SCORE
TO SETTLE WITH YOU,
AND WHILE MY PLAN
FOR REVENGE WAS BRILLIANT,
DORIS' WAS...
WELL,
WE WENT WITH DORIS',
BUT I MADE A VERY, VERY
IMPORTANT CONTRIBUTION.
TOGETHER, WE MADE
THE PERFECT TEAM.
[THUNDER]
WILBUR!
MAKE SURE YOU SHUT
THAT DOOR TIGHT,
OR ELSE THE ALARM
WON'T ENGAGE.
YEAH, MOM.
I WENT TO YOUR HOUSE,
SNUCK IN THE GARAGE
AND STOLE THE TIME MACHINE
ALL THANKS TO THAT
POINTY-HAIR LITTLE KID
WHO FORGOT
TO LOCK THE GARAGE DOOR.
HA HA HA!
AND NOW THAT ALL
THAT IS LEFT
IS TO RETURN TO INVENTCO
WHERE I'LL PASS
OFF YOUR LITTLE
GIZMO AS MY OWN.
BUT YOU HAVE
NO IDEA
WHAT I COULD DO
TO THIS FUTURE.
I DON'T CARE.
I JUST WANT TO
RUIN YOUR LIFE.
GOOB, I HAVE NO IDEA.
SHUT UP!
AND DON'T CALL ME GOOB.
HOW MANY EVIL VILLIAN DO
YOU KNOW WHO CAN PULL OFF
A NAME LIKE GOOB?
BLEAH!
LOOK, I'M SORRY YOUR
LIFE TURN OUT SO BAD,
BUT DON'T BLAME ME.
YOU MESSED IT UP YOURSELF.
YOU JUST FOCUSED ON
THE BAD STUFF
WHEN ALL YOU HAVE
TO DO IS
LET GO OF THE PAST
AND KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
HMM. LET'S SEE--
TAKE RESPONSIBILITY
FROM MY OWN LIFE
OR BLAME YOU.
DING DING DING DING DING!
"BLAME YOU" WINS HANDS DOWN!
HA HA HA!
THIS IS GONNA BE
THE BEST DAY OF
MY LIFE.
[BOTH IMITATING
PIDGEON COOING]
DORIS, WOULD YOU BE A DEAR
AND OPEN A HATCH FOR ME, PLEASE?
[GASPS]
NO!
WELL, I HATE TO FOILED
YOUR EVIL PLAN AND RUN,
BUT TA-TA.
[CHIRPING]
I BET YOU'RE GLAD
TO SEE ME!
OW!
THAT'S FOR NOT LOCKING
THE GARAGE DOOR!
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?
I KNOW EVERYTHING.
YOU GOTTA ADMIT,
THIS WILL BE A GREAT
STORY TO TELL ME SOMEDAY.
HA HA HA!
LOOK AT THAT, BOYS.
WE'RE ALMOST HOME FREE--
UNH!
[GASPS]
WHOA!
[CHIRPING]
[GASPS]
[GROANS]
OH, NO!
TAKE A GOOD LOOK
AROUND, BOYS!
BECAUSE YOUR FUTURE
IS ABOUT TO CHANGE.
LEWIS, YOU HAVE TO FIX
THE TIME MACHINE!
NO, NO, I CAN--
I CAN'T!
[CHIRP]
HA HA HA HA!
WHAT ABOUT YOUR DAD?
YOU CAN CALL HIM!
YOU ARE MY DAD!
BUT THAT'S IN
THE FUTURE!
THERE WON'T BE A FUTURE
UNLESS YOU FIX
THE TIME MACHINE!
LOOK, I MESSED UP.
I LEFT
THE GARAGE UNLOCKED
AND I'VE TRIED
LIKE CRAZY TO FIX THINGS!
BUT NOW IT'S UP TO YOU.
YOU CAN DO IT, DAD.
[THUNDER]
LEWIS? AAH!
WILBUR?
WILBUR!
MRS. ROBINSON!
UNCLE ART!
LEFTY!
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
[WHIRRING]
PREPARE TO BE
AMAZED!
I CALLED IT
THE MEMORY SCANNER.
SO, YAGOOBIAN, ANY
OTHER IDEAS YOU LIKE
TO SHARE WITH US?
YES. I CALLED THEM
HELPING HATS.
[ALL YELLING]
AAH! THEY'RE EVERYWHERE!
[YELLING CONTINUES]
DORIS, WHAT'S HAPPENING?!
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I JUST WANT TO RUIN HIS
FUTURE, NOT THIS.
[CHIRPING]
AAH!
WHOA.
NO, THIS CAN'T
BE HAPPENING! NO!
OH, LEWIS, IT'S
ALREADY HAPPENED.
[GASPS]
[CHIRPING LOUDLY]
[CLICK]
[TIME MACHINE WHIRRING
AND BEEPING]
[BEEP]
[WHIRRING]
[CHIRP]
[GASPS]
[BRAKES SQUEAL]
WHY DID I EVER INVENT
THAT STUPID HAT?!
[BEEPING]
TAKE A GOOD LOOK
AROUND, DORIS,
BECAUSE YOUR FUTURE'S
ABOUT TO CHANGE.
HA HA. AHH!
YOU, STOP!
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
YES, I DO!
I'M RUINING
YOUR FUTURE!
HE'S USING YOU, GOOB.
AND WHEN SHE GETS
WHAT SHE WANTS,
SHE'LL GET RID
OF YOU.
WHAT? WHAT?
[WHIRRING]
I AM NEVER GOING
TO INVENT YOU.
[WHIMPERING]
COME ON, GOOB.
I'VE GOTTA SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
[WHIRRING]
DORIS...I THOUGHT
SHE WAS MY FRIEND.
[BUBBLING]
YOU DID IT, LEWIS!
YOU DID IT!
[GASPS]
[CHUCKLES]
AHH!
I'LL HOLD HIM WHILE
YOU RUN FOR HELP!
LET HIM GO!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
HE'S THE BAD GUY!
NO, HE'S NOT.
HE'S MY ROOMATE.
WHAT?
HE'S MY OLD ROOMATE AND
I THINK YOU GUYS SHOULD
ADOPT HIM.
ARE YOU NUTS?!
GIVE HIM ONE GOOD
REASON WHY NOT.
I'LL GIVE YOU A 3
GOOD REASONS.
HE STOLE OUR TIME
MACHINE, TRYING TO
RUIN YOUR FUTURE
AND HE SMELLED LIKE HE
HASN'T SHOWERED IN
30 YEARS. OW!
MAY I REMIND YOU
I'M YOUR FATHER
AND YOU HAVE TO
DO WHAT I SAY.
[SIGHS]
OK, MR. YAGOOBIAN.
DO YOU WANNA BE
A ROBINS...
WHERE'D HE GO?
GOOB.
ARE YOU HURT?
ANY BROKEN BONES?
NO, I--
DO YOU HAVE A TEMPERATURE?
BRAINFOG?
SCURVY?
TAPEWORM?
CELLUITE?
NO. NO, NO, I'M FINE.
I FEEL FINE.
IN FACT, BETTER THAN I
FELT IN A LONG TIME.
FRANNY, THEY'RE GONE!
OH, THIS IS TERRIBLE.
OH, BOY.
WELL, HE'S HOME EARLY.
FRANNY, WHERE ARE YOU?
THE TIME MACHINES
ARE GONE!
OH!
[CHUCKLES]
MM-HMM.
RATTED OUT BY THE OLD LADY.
HARSH.
OK.
[MACHINES WHIRRING
AND BEEPING]
WHOA.
YEAH.
BEATS WORKING IN A
OFFICE EVERYDAY.
YEAH, NO KIDDING.
HEY! WANT TO SEE THE
ONE I'M MOST PROUD OF?
YEAH.
OH-HOO.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
THAT ONE.
IT WAS OUR FIRST
REAL INVENTION.
IT'S THE ONE THAT
STARTED AT ALL.
WOWIE.
SO IF I GO BACK NOW,
THEN THIS WILL BE
MY FUTURE.
WELL, THAT DEPENDS ON YOU
NOTHING IS SET IN STONE.
YOU GOTTA MAKE
THE RIGHT CHOICES
AND KEEP MOVING FORWARD.
MM...SINCE IT'S GONNA
WORK THIS TIME
IT MEANS I--WE--
FINALLY GET TO SEE
WHAT MOM LOOKS LIKE.
DO WE EVER MEET HER?
UH...
I THINK YOU'RE JUST
GONNA HAVE TO GET BACK
TO THAT SCIENCE FAIR
AND FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF.
I HAD A FELLING
YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT.
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S BECAUSE WE
ARE ONE SMART KID.
SO LONG!
FAREWELL,
BROTHER-IN LAW.
LOVE YOUR HAIR-COLOR,
BY THE WAY.
OH, DON'T FORGET
THE MASHED POTATOES.
HAVE A SAFE TRIP,
LITTLE LEWIS.
I WILL.
AH, HEY,
WHILE I GOT YOU HERE,
JUST A COUPLE
LITTLE SUGGESTIONS
REGARDING MY DESIGN.
LET'S FACE IT,
THESE SKINNY LIMBS
DON'T EXCATLY MAKE
A TEAPOT WHISTLE. HA HA!
ALL THAT REALLY MATTERS
IS, HEY, DON'T FORGET
TO INVENT ME.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
NO WAY.
I LOVE YA.
THERE'S SO MANY THINGS
I WISH I COULD ASK YOU.
EXCUSE ME!
TIME TRAVEL NOW,
QUESTIONS LATER.
DON'T WORRY.
BUT I--
JUST GET BACK TO
THAT SCIENCE FAIR
AND WE'LL SE YA
REAL SOON.
OH, RIGHT.
RIGHT. OK, I WILL.
BYE.
GOODBYE, SON.
THANKS AGAIN
FOR EVERYTHING.
WAIT, LEWIS?
ONE MORE THING.
YEAH?
JUST A LITTLE TIP
FOR THE FUTURE.
I AM ALWAYS RIGHT.
EVEN WHEN I'M WRONG,
I'M RIGHT.
SHE'S RIGHT.
I'D JUST GO WITH IT
IF I WERE YOU.
AND I AM.
THEN YOU'RE
ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
[HORN HONKING]
ALL RIGHT,
I'M COMING.
WELL, IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA
SEE THEM AGAIN.
THEY ARE YOUR FAMILY,
AFTER ALL.
[WHIRRING]
[THUNDER]
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO TAKE ME
BACK TO THE SCIENCE FAIR.
I KNOW.
WELL, I THINK YOU PUNCHED
IN THE WRONG NUMBERS.
WE AGREED THAT, IF
YOU FIXED THE TIME MACHINE.
I'D TAKE YOU BACK TO
SEE YOUR MOM.
WHAT?
[CRYING]
[BEEP]
A DEAL'S A DEAL.
[SCRAPES]
[CRYING]
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
[BABY CRYING]
[THUNDER]
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY'D YOU JUST
LET HER GO?
BECAUSE...
I ALREADY HAVE
A FAMILY.
I NEVER THOUGHT
MY DAD WOULD
BE MY BEST FRIEND.
NOW--NOW DON'T MAKE ME
COME AND BAIL YOU
OUT AGAIN.
I WON'T.
REMEMBER I'VE GOT
A TIME MACHINE.
IF YOU MESSED UP AGAIN
I'M JUST KEEP COMING
BACK 'TILL YOU GET IT RIGHT.
HEH HEH.
YOU GOT THAT MOTTO?
I GOT IT.
DON'T FORGET IT.
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S POSSIBLE.
YOU BETTER GET GOING.
SEE YOU LATER, WILBUR.
[WHIRRING]
[HONKING]
WAIT A MINUTE!
[SNORING]
[CRACK]
[CROWD CHEERING]
GOOB. GOOB, WAKE UP!
WHAT?
WHOO!
[CHEERING]
NICE CATCH, KID!
[RIBBIT RIBBIT]
MR. WILLERSTEIN!
I KNOW WHAT WENT WRONG.
CAN I HAVE
ONE MORE CHANCE?
PLEASE!
MY RIDE ISN'T HERE YET,
SO FIRE IT UP.
UM, I NEED A VOLUNTEER.
NOW, JUST GIVE ME A
DATE TO INPUT.
WELL, NOW, LET'S SEE.
UH, THERE'S MY FIRST
SCIENCE FAIR,
THE DAY I GOT
MY FIRST MICROSCOPE,
THE TIME I SWAM THE
ENGLISH CHANNEL,
MY FIRST GOLD MEDAL
FOR THE LUDGE.
OOH! I KNOW.
[WHISPERING]
PERFECT.
[BEEPING]
[WHIRRING]
[ALL GASPING]
YOU LOOK GORGEOUS.
HE'S A LUCKY GUY.
OHH.
OH. IT WORKED.
IT WORKS.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL,
LUCILLE.
BUD?
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THAT.
WHOA.
HONEY, HONEY!
YOU'RE JUST IN TIME.
LUCILLE!
YOU DID IT, LEWIS!
YOU DID IT!
THIS INVENTION IS BRILLIANT.
KID, YOUR THIS FAIR'S MVP!
THAT WAS SOME SHOW
YOU PUT ON.
YOU'RE A REAL SPECIAL KID.
BUT, UM...
YOU DON'T LOOK
LIKE A LEWIS.
YOU LOOK MORE LIKE, UM...
CORNELIUS.
I GET THAT A LOT.
[RIBBIT]
OH, NO.
SORRY, MISTER.
HA HA. NO HARM DONE.
FRANKIE,
WHAT IF I TOLD YOU
ABOUT RUNNING AWAY?
FRANKIE?
MY STAR PUPIL.
MY NAME'S FRANNY,
AND I TECH FROGS...
♪ MUSIC ♪
REALLY?
MM-HMM.
YOU KNOW THAT FROGS HAVE MORE
MUSICAL ABILLITY THAN PEOPLE?
BUT, UH, NOBODY
BELIEVES ME.
THEY ALL THINK I'M CRAZY.
YOU THINK I'M CRAZY, TOO.
NO, NO.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
[GASPS]
OVER HERE?
AH, THERE HE IS.
KID, WE'D LIKE TO
GIVE A STORY ON YOU
FOR THE LOCAL PAPER.
YOU'VE GOT A
BRIGHT FUTURE
AHEAD OF YOU.
Rob Thomas:
♪ LET IT GO ♪
YEAH.
♪ LET IT ROLL RIGHT
OFF YOUR SHOULDER ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW ♪
♪ THE HARDEST PART
IS OVER ♪
♪ LET IT IN ♪
♪ LET YOUR CLARITY DEFINE YOU ♪
♪ IN THE END ♪
♪ WE WILL ONLY JUST
REMEMBER HOW IT FEELS ♪
♪ LET IT SLIDE ♪
♪ LET YOUR TROUBLES
FALL BEHIND YOU ♪
♪ LET IT SHINE ♪
♪ 'TILL YOU FEEL IT
ALL AROUND YOU ♪
♪ AND I DON'T MIND ♪
♪ IF IT'S ME YOU
NEED TO TURN TO ♪
♪ WE'LL GET BY ♪
♪ IT'S THE HEART THAT
REALLY MATTERS IN THE END ♪
♪ OUR LIVES ARE MADE ♪
♪ IN THESE SMALL HOURS ♪
♪ THESE LITTLE WONDERS ♪
♪ THESE TWIST AND
TURNS OF FAITH ♪
♪ TIME FALLS AWAY ♪
♪ BUT THESE SMALL HOURS ♪
♪ THESE SMALL HOURS ♪
♪ STILL REMAIN ♪
♪ ALL OF MY REGRET ♪
♪ WILL WASH AWAY SOMEHOW ♪
♪ BUT I CANNOT FORGET ♪
♪ THE WAY I FEEL RIGHT NOW ♪
The All-American Rejects:
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
[TRAIN BELL DINGING]
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ NOBODY CAN DOUBT ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS WHAT
EVERYTHING'S ABOUT ♪
♪ IT'S BETTER FOR YOU
AND IT'S BETTER FOR ME ♪
♪ IT'S BETTER THAN WHAT
EVERYBODY THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE,
ALIVE AS CAN BE ♪
♪ JUST OPEN YOUR EYES
IT'S PLAIN TO SEE ♪
♪ JUST DON'T BE AFRAID,
JUST KEEP GOING ON ♪
♪ ONE STEP AT A TIME
AND YOU CAN'T GO WRONG ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO CREATE ♪
♪ TIME TO GROW ♪
♪ IF YOU FEEL RIGHT ♪
♪ THE WORLD, YEAH
SHE'S CHANGING ♪
♪ DON'T IT MAKE YOU
FEEL ALIVE? ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
[ROAR]
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS ALIVE TODAY ♪
♪ YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ NOBODY CAN DOUBT ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS WHAT
EVERYTHING'S ABOUT ♪
♪ IT'S BETTER FOR YOU,
IT'S BETTER FOR ME ♪
♪ IT'S BETTER THAN WHAT
EVERYBODY THOUGHT IT WOULD BE ♪
♪ IT'S TIME TO CREATE ♪
♪ TIME TO GROW ♪
♪ IF YOU FEEL RIGHT ♪
♪ THE WORLD, YEAH
SHE'S CHANGING ♪
♪ AND LIFE'S REARRANGING ♪
♪ DON'T IT MAKE YOU
FEEL ALIVE? ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS ALIVE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS ALIVE TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS ALIVE TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE'S ALIVE ♪
♪ THE FUTURE IS ALIVE TODAY ♪
♪ THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED
TODAY... ♪
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
DISNEY-ABC DOMESTIC TELEVISION
CAPTIONING PERFORMED BY
THE NATIONAL CAPTIONING
INSTITUTE, INC.
♪ WAITING TO CROSS
THE RUBICON ♪
♪ WONDERING WHAT
SIDE I'M ON ♪
♪ WHAT ARE THESE VISIONS
OF ME AS A YOUNG MAN ♪
♪ WITH ONE ARM POINTING AND THE
OTHER ARM HOLDING YOUR HAND? ♪
♪ NEITHER A PLAN
TO KEEP YOU NEAR ♪
♪ BLOWING A HORN
SO YOU CAN HEAR ♪
♪ IF IT WAS ONLY MY
LOVE AND DEVOTION ♪
♪ THIS WORLD WOULD SUDDENLY
BE IN A STATE OF ♪
♪ COMMOTION ♪
♪ EMOTIONAL COMMOTION ♪
♪ EMOTIONAL MOTION ♪
[BACKGROUND VOCALISTS
HUMMING AND VOCALZING]
♪ I NEVER GET AROUND UNDER
THE SUN AND THE STARS ♪
♪ AND I MAY BE
ALWAYS FROWNING ♪
♪ BUT ONE DAY YOU WILL SEE
UNDER THE SUN AND THE STARS ♪
♪ YOU WILL TURN AROUND
AND I'LL BE ♪
♪ IN MOTION ♪
♪ EMOTIONAL COMMOTION ♪
♪ EMOTIONAL MOTION ♪